{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red31\green58\blue103;}
\vieww24140\viewh13760\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 ServiceMax R4B1v1.0.1\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 1. Added Category of ZKServerSwitchboard in WSInterface to check for internet connectivity everytime a WS call is invoked. This takes care of automatic login in case of an expired session due to long times of inactivity.\
2. Added Code to AppDelegate to broadcast notifications when internet connection is UP/DOWN.\
3. Added Code to LoginViewController to display message box if internet connection is down. Also, this sets a appDelegate variable
\b \
\
ServiceMax R4B1.9.4\

\b0 1. Memory Leak issues handled using Analyzer. Many more remaining.
\b \
\
ServiceMax R4B1.4.4\

\b0 1. UI Display Bug - while displaying Add multiline - solved\
2. UI integration related bug - while editing a new line item & clicking on the Back button\
3. Add line and add multiline displaying PERFECTLY now
\b \
\
ServiceMax R4B1.4.3\

\b0 1. Done button, Back button, newest assets, everything done
\b \
\
1) Done Button on the navigation Bar  in SFMEditDetail Part\
2) Product History and  Account History  Integrated .\
--------------------\
1) 
\f1\b0 \'a0 c. App crashed when I tried: (+) on "Labor" in Create Quote, (+) on Expenses in T&M Lines   - Done  Solved\
2) \'a0 j. App  when I clicked on the Expected Qty field and typed 1 in Create RMA/Create new line. - Done Solved\
3)4. SFM Create/Edit\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \'a0\'a0\'a0 a. Tried "Create Quote" from Work Order View. Quote Amount shows as a "Required" field but does not allow editing     -Reason \
Readonly is set to true\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f2\b\fs22 \cf0  PROCESSTYPE = SOURCETOTARGET;\
\
                                        \{\
                        "Field_API_Name" = "SVMXCX1__Quote_Amount2__c";\
                        "Field_Data_Type" = currency;\
                        "Field_Display_Column" = 2;\
                        "Field_Display_Row" = 4;\
                        "Field_Label" = "Quote Amount";\
                        "Field_Lookup_Context" = "";\
                        "Field_Lookup_Query" = "";\
                        "Field_Read_Only" = 1;\
                        "Field_Related_Object_Name" = "";\
                        "Field_Required" = 1;\
                        "Field_Sequence" = 4;\
                        "Field_Value_Key" = "0.000";\
                        "Field_Value_Value" = "0.000";\
                        "SVMXCX1__Use_For_SLA_Clock__c" = 0;\
                    \},\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 4)
\f1\b0  f. Unlike the header screen, the line view screen is misleading because it shows edit-like controls and even shows editable picklists when clicked on the field _- Done Solved
\f0\b \
  5) 
\f1\b0 \'a0\'a0\'a0 e. Done appears on Edit of line but nothing happens when clicking on it. Expecting the screen will close and the grid updated  -Done would save the modified values.   - Done On clicking the the button it would navigate to the prevoios view.\
6) 
\fs30 \cf2 6.
\f3\fs18 \'a0\'a0\'a0 
\f1\fs30 View WO > \'91Quick Save\'92 after adding T & M lines goes into infinite processing (Inconsistent) . In new build code  th echoed was going 
\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \
ServiceMax Rev4 v1.3.1\
\
\
ServiceMax Rev4 v1.1.9\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 1. SFM Page coded to open in View/Edit mode depending on where it is called from.\
2. Clicking on URL now opens the url in Safari.
\b \
\
ServiceMax Rev4 v1.1.8\

\b0 1. SFM Page now displays a clean screen each time it is launched.\
2. Tapping on MiniCal event, now takes user to SFM View Screen.
\b \
\
ServiceMax Rev4 v1.1.6\

\b0 1. Lookup History is DONE. Caching is NOT DONE.\
2. TextView Bug fixed.\
3. Home Page - ugly buttons to create process - issue is rectified.
\b \
\
ServiceMax Rev4 v1.1.5\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 1. DATETIME control hardcoding (was introduced for testing purposes) removed\
2. Line item additions now animated\
3. Button images for Action items corrected\
4. Handled potential errors for date and datetime controls where date/datetime .text may be nil, replacing it with @""
\b \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
ServiceMax Rev4 v1.1.4
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 Currently you can click on "Create Work Order" button in the home screen, to navigate to the SFM page. You can also click on the events in the calendar to navigate to the SFM page. As of now I have hard-wired SFM page to TDM003 as there were no other good (from demo stand point) SFM processes available. We are creating some dummy processes on the designer and will show you those once ready.\
\
Comments on your feedback are inline below:\
1. Remove the blank dark space before and after the fields. The screen should use the entire right side area. The same is true for line sections as well\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \uc0\u8234 [samman] As explained by Pavaman\uc0\u8236 \
\'a0\
2. Section header is not readable. Use a different font color. ServiceMax blue?\
[samman] fixed \
3. Lookup fields:\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 a. Need a clear indication that there is a popup. Similar to how lookups work in SFDC online\
[samman] fixed \
\'a0\'a0\'a0 b. Lookup search is not working. I tried Product lookup in TDM001\
[samman] fixed \
\'a0\'a0\'a0 c. The arrow that points to the lookup is not accurately positioned to the field. It is pointing in a vacuum\
[samman] fixed \
\'a0\'a0\'a0 d. The Lookup form's title should be object label + Search. Currently it shows field label + Search. For example in TDM002, Product/System and Component/SN fields both are Installed product lookups. So the lookup title should say "Installed Product Search"\
[samman] fixed \
\
6. The popup edit field that appears for all edit fields (though the intention is to help the user) looks highly non-HIG and could be a major distraction when entering data.\
[samman] fixed \
\
7. Required fields are not clearly indicated. Labels should be wrapped\
[samman] fixed - \uc0\u8234 Required fields show a red bar on the left.\uc0\u8236 \
\
8. If there are no line sections in the page, Lines & Show All shouldn't appear on the left panel\
\'a0[samman] fixed\
\
9. Follow this rule for showing titles:\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 a. If it is View record, show object label and name field in the title. Example: "Work Order: WO-123456"\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 b. If it is a standalone create process, show the process name. Example: "Create Depot Repair Work Order"\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 c. If it is a standalone edit process, show process name with name field. Example: "T&M Lines (WO-123456)"\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 d. If it is source-to-target create process, show process name with source record's object label and name field. Example: "Create Work Order From Case (Case Number: 123456)"\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 e. In general, make the title font smaller and left-aligned so the entire title can be seen. Perhaps you can use a distinct color/style for the title bar with the help of Parvez\
[samman] pending\
\
10. Long text fields must be painted as bigger boxes with in-line edit like any other text field. Highly counter-intuitive if they are painted as read-only boxes with a popover\
[samman] done, issues exist\
\
11. In simulator, simply clicking/tapping should work to select value from a picklist, right? If I click on a picklist field and simply tap outside without doing anything, it picks a random value from the list and shows\
[samman] \uc0\u8234 Bug (random pick) fixed. Clicking will select the value. Clicking outside will remove the pick list. This is required, as, scrolling also results in a value being selected, which might not be the final selection. So, explicit outside-click is needed.\uc0\u8236 \
\
12. You may be doing this already. RecordTypeId needs special handling. Though it is a lookup field, it should be painted as a picklist\
\'a0[samman] pending\
\
13. TDM002 painted the left-side panel like this:\
[samman] not being reproduced \
\
14. The Action button on top right should be Object Label + Actions (driven by translation). For example "Work Order Actions"\
[samman] done \
\
15. The home page app doesn't appear to be ready at all. Will review the next rev if it is in a better shape.\
[samman] please check the newly integrated build
\f0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 ServiceMax Rev4 v1.1.3
\b0 \
1. Map View Annotations now display correct custom layouts\
2. Clicking on Map View Custom Layouts -> "Job Details" displays SFM Screen properly\
3. Clicking on Map View Job Detail Button (below) displays SFM Screen. Need to check for proper alloc and init\
4. "Sections" button now appears on navigation bar left when in portrait mode. Popover displays the Headers and Lines correctly. Need to finish popover implementation properly.\
\

\b ServiceMax Rev4 v1.1.2
\b0 \
1. Login -> Home -> Calendar -> SFM Integration Done\
2. Pending -> Create New Object\
\

\b ServiceMax Rev4 v1.1.1
\b0 \
1. Home Screen View is changed with only calendar view and create objects.\
2. Integration of SFM is remaining.\
\

\b ServiceMax Rev4 v1.1.0
\b0 \
1. Map View is done completely.\
2. Integration of SFM is remaining.\
\

\b ServiceMax Rev4 v1.0.9
\b0 \
1. WSIntf updated as WSinterface, getevents will retrieve the location information from Webservice.\
2. Route and Annotations  display in map view is remaining.\
\

\b ServiceMax Rev4 v1.0.8
\b0 \
1. Events in the map view is getting displayed.\
2. Route and Annotations  display in map view is remaining.\
\

\b ServiceMax Rev4 v1.0.7
\b0 \
1. Map View is getting displayed.\
2. Current date events displaying in the map view is remaining.\
3. Route and Annotations is remaining.\
\

\b ServiceMax Rev4 v1.0.6
\b0 \
1. [Login -> Home Screen -> Calendar] integrated completely\
2. Map View remains to be integrated properly\
3. Regression introduced and removed from this build, while integrating Home Screen and Calendar views\
4. WSIntf updated yet again. Regression bugs removed\
\

\b ServiceMax Rev4 v1.0.3
\b0 \
1. WSIntf now has updated WS to retrieve the following:\
	i. Product History\
	ii. Account History\
	iii. Home Page Layout\
\

\b ServiceMax Rev4 v1.0.2
\b0 \
1. Day View events are being properly fetched and displayed using Web Service.\
2. Week View events are being properly fetched and displayed using Web Service.\
3. Event data is now being held in a single cache within WSInterface AppDelegate instance.\
4. Within the Week View, if the week is changed by a "swipe" or by tapping on the "Swipe" controller, the day view's "currentDateRange" data is reset. This forces Day View to fetch data from sfdc when the user goes back to the Day View.\
}